Additions to reports readme (#9455)
msupply-foundation/open-msupply: standard_reports/README.md

1. Build the reports: `cd open-msupply/server` then `cargo run --bin remote_server_cli build-reports`.
2. Upsert the reports to the database's report table. You can either use the UI (central server > manage > reports > the big upload button > drag and drop `standard-reports.json` and `standard-forms.json`) or the CLI (`cd open-msupply/server` then `cargo run --bin remote_server_cli upsert-reports --overwrite`).

## Generating Reports

> Some of the CLI commands require yarn's dependencies to be installed by running `yarn install` in open-msupply's main directory.

Reviewer: This can be removed, the build-reports should already install yarn dependancies

There are three main steps to get started with reports:

1. Build the server
2. Build the reports
3. Upsert the reports to the database

### Build the Server to access the CLI tools

This is required before reports can be built in the following steps.

From open-msupply/server:
`cargo build`

You can then use the CLI tools to build the reports, then upsert them to the database for access in the application.

When developing in reports `cargo build` does not need to be re-run every time some changes have been made in the reports. It must be run to process the initial upsert, and then only after any server changes.

If you receive the error `no such file or directory: ./target/debug/remote_server_cli`, you will need to rebuild.

#### Using the CLI Tools

All commands can be run in two ways:

- **Pre-built**: `./target/debug/remote_server_cli <command>` (after `cargo build`)
- **Direct**: `cargo run --bin remote_server_cli <command>` (builds each time)

### Build Reports

`build-reports --path <optional-directory-path>`

Generates all reports into a JSON array.

**What it does**

> This command builds reports from source files within the directory passed as the path argument. It searches through directories recursively, so any file structure can be used. If no path is passed, the build-reports command defaults to the `standard_forms` and `standard_report` dirs containing OMS standard forms and reports respectively.

Reviewer: Nit: Can we remove the use of dir... 

```suggestion
This command builds reports from source files within the directory passed as the path argument. It searches through directories recursively, so any file structure can be used. If no path is passed, the build-reports command defaults to the `standard_forms` and `standard_report` directories containing OMS standard forms and reports respectively.
```

Report versioning protects remote sites of earlier versions from rendering a more recent report of an incompatible api.

> The report ui interface can be accessed via the manage nav.

Reviewer: Nit

```suggestion
The report UI interface can be accessed via the `Manage` navigation AppDrawer.
```
